All right, so let's see what we have done so far, we've done a lot of things, you know, thought
it would be a good idea to stop it a little bit and look at what we've done, how far we've come.
So we've looked at the whole application from the splash screen to the main screen.
So we created a splash screen, which also allowed us to create the navigation to be able to navigate
between screens.
And then we worked on our main screen, so there were different parts that we had to work on, such
as the App Bar at the top.
And then we dive through and worked on the main screen where we can see all of these different pieces
of data.
So that's what we've been doing.
So in a nutshell, we learned how to pass data from the weather API.
We've learned how to make sure the data is ready for the user interface and we learn how to reproduce.
The state will learn how to separate the concerns, how to create the structure using dependency injection,
hilt and dagger.
That way, our code can grow as needed if need be.
And also, we put together the top app bar.
But most importantly, we made sure that the tapas bar can be reusable, can be reused whenever we want.
So if there's a screen that needs to use that top bar, we can use it and pass certain arguments that
will customize the top bar even further.
And you should always think in those terms, especially when you put together these composable functions,
because the idea is to have reusable code in this case, reusable, composable.
So next, what are we going to be doing?
Well, we are going to make sure that when users click on search, they are going to be taken to a search
screen where they're going to be able to search for a city, right?
So they say Spokane or Seattle or San Diego or so forth, then there will be taken back to the main
screen.
So to reflect the weather forecast for that city.
So that's what we're going to be tackling next.
But for now, I would ask you to go and relax a little bit, go drink some water or get coffee or go
for a walk.
Whatever it is that you do to relax, go ahead and do that because we have done a lot of work.
You should be very proud of yourself.
Yeah, you deserve it.